(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(HORN BLARING)
(CRASH)
HANNAH: Sometimes...
things just happen to you.
They just happen.
You can't help it.
But it's what you
do next that counts.
Not what happens...
but what you
decide to do about it.
MAN: Please. my wife.
I was on the phone with my wife.
Where's my phone?
PARAMEDIC: Sir. stay calm.
We're gonna take care of you.
MAN:
But I've got to call my wife.
Please.
(INAUDIBLE)
(24 PLAYING)
♪ If you start to
learn how to rise
♪ I can go that high... ♪
HANNAH: And I've made some
very bad decisions in my life.
♪ I can fill that time
♪ The cleanest
war was won before ♪
As you know.
♪ With open eyes and bad lies
♪ The cleanest
war was won before
♪ With open eyes and bad lies
♪ Never gonna know
If you ever go because
♪ Say that you love
And you'll never know ♪
JESSICA: What is it?
What are you thinking?
Just that. uh...
it's been a while since we
hung out at your place.
Yeah.
Since my party. right?
Really?
I guess I don't even remember.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure.
Since the party.
That's a long time.
Could have come over any time.
Your dad hates me.
He does not.
He does.
Last summer he
told me I was trouble.
and that I'd
better toe the line.
(LAUGHS)
That's just
a thing he says to guys.
You got it way easier than Alex.
With the hair.
So. he didn't like Alex either.
Well. he kind of did.
Only because he was all
"yes. sir." "no. sir."
Where are you going?
Stay.
I gotta go. Jess.
Oh.
Come on. stay.
More cuddles.
Come on. it's cold tonight.
You always warm me up.
(CHUCKLES)
How about...
you cuddle with widdle Justin?
Little Justin!
You won him for me.
Yeah. I remember.
Best boyfriend ever.
I'm so not.
You take care of me.
Get some sleep. all right?
I will see you...
tomorrow.
You don't have to
go out the window.
Sweet dreams. Jess.
Only sweet dreams.
(ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING OVER A STEREO)
HANNAH:
I told you there
were more stories
about the night
of Jessica's party.
so here it goes.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Clay!
Hey. guys.
JEFF: Clay.
Dude. you're leaving?
Uh. yeah. I kind of am.
Looked like shit was
happening for you in there.
Did it?
Didn't it?
I don't know. man. I just...
I don't ever know...
anything.
That's why you got me. man.
I know.
Whatever happened in there...
(HEART BEATING)
just give her a minute.
Then go back inside
and just find her.
I'm going home.
Just hang with me
for a while. man.
I'm going on a beer run soon.
Come with me.
You're driving?
Coca-Cola. my friend.
Two beers. two hours ago.
I'm good.
No. No.
Thanks. Jeff. I'm gonna...
take a long walk
home and consider
the wreckage that is my life.
You're a funny dude. Clay.
So I've been told.
See you Monday?
Yeah.
BOYS: Clay!
See you guys.
(RAP MUSIC
PLAYING OVER A STEREO)
Yo. Sheri.
you're blocking me in.
I've got to go for provisions.
Oh. shit.
Okay. I'll be right out.
I've got to get home anyways.
I don't want to
make you leave.
No.
I'm staying at my dad's.
which comes with a curfew.
I'll get my keys
and be right out.
Thank you. ma'am.
HANNAH: I wanted to leave.
But where would I go?
And how would I get there?
I was too weak to walk.
Or just too weak to try.
And then
an unlikely hero came my way.
Hey. you need a ride home?
Is it that obvious?
You don't look so good.
I mean. you always look good.
but you don't look so good.
Look. I can give you a ride.
Um...
How much have you had to drink?
Barely anything.
Okay. look. hold this.
All right. guys. excuse me.
pathway for Sheri. please!
Hoo-hoo!
All right. ready?
Here we go.
(ALL CHEER)
See?
Now. look. if I can do that.
I can drive home. Come on.
You got it?
Now I wonder if
we would have both
been better off
staying at the party.
Sheri. this one's for you.
No. I got it.
You sure you're okay?
You don't want me to grab you
a water or something?
I'm good. thanks.
Watch your feet.
I was expecting
a lot more action.
you know?
I mean. first party of the year.
Like. some shit to go down.
Bryce and Zach.
every time they
get together...
BRYCE: Take it easy.
We're just having fun. okay?
We're just having fun.
What are you...
What are you doing?
I kind of liked the music.
Did you like the music?
Sheri.
What?
I have to tell you...
Something happened tonight.
What happened?
It's okay.
I mean. you can tell me.
I got wasted.
My parents are gonna kill me.
Not if you tell
them that you're
staying at my house tonight.
I like this plan.
Yeah. just sleep
it off at my place.
and your folks will never know.
My phone's dead.
Do you have a charger in here?
Mi cell phone es su cell phone.
I'm pretty sure
"cell phone" in Spanish...
(BRAKES SQUEAL)
(GIRLS GASP)
Are you okay?
Yeah. What was that?
I don't know.
Oh. my God.
Oh. shit.
Oh. my God. look.
I wasn't drunk.
I told you. I wasn't drunk.
I know. I know.
My dad's gonna kill me.
The car is fine.
But we need to call someone
about the stop sign.
No. We gotta go.
My dad will kill
me if he finds out.
We need to call the police.
9-1-1?
Oh. my God. Look. no way.
Hannah. get in the car.
Sheri!
When you do something wrong.
you can't just...
like...
ignore it.
Hannah. get in the car.
I'll call when we get home.
No.
Come on!
No!
Sheri. come on.
Sheri!
Oh. my... Are you ser...
HANNAH:
I needed to find
a working phone.
I wish I'd found it faster.
(BRAKES SQUEALING)
(CRASH)
I need help. My phone's dead.
Chargers are right over there
by the beef jerky.
No listen.
There's been an accident.
I need to make a call.
Sorry.
we don't have a pay phone.
Give me your phone.
Give me your phone!
Okay. Okay.
How long do you think...
Shut up! Jesus.
(DIALING)
(RINGING)
OPERATOR:
9-1-1. what's your emergency?
I. uh...
I want to report an accident.
Where?
At the corner of
Tanglewood and Bay Street.
Yes. ma'am. got it.
It's gonna be okay.
We already have this call.
Units are
responding to the scene.
You got the call?
Yeah. We have the call.
Who...
Was it a girl who called?
I can't give you
that information. ma'am.
We have units
responding to the scene now.
Okay. good. Good.
Is there anything
else I can do for you?
No. that's all.
Thank you.
Do you still want that charger?
HANNAH: So. yeah.
that's the terrible decision.
But it's not the whole story.
(VIDEO GAME NOISES)
Excuse me.
One second. man.
Goddamn it!
(SCOFFS) No I.D.. no beer.
I don't want to...
I need to ask you if you were
working a few weeks ago.
The second
Saturday of September.
I work every Saturday.
And I wonder why
I'm still single.
Uh. yeah.
Listen. I need to...
There was a girl who came in
to call 9-1-1.
I don't think so.
You don't remember a girl?
She used to buy
candy here all the time.
She borrowed your cell phone.
Maybe interrupted your game?
Yeah. that girl.
Short hair. Super upset.
Yes. Yeah.
Do you remember what
the call was about?
I think it might have been.
like. a traffic thing.
I can't remember.
Can you try?
Mmm. Sorry. man.
Might have been stoned.
Thanks for your help.
Anytime. my brother.
I'm not your brother. dude.
All he said is
the district lawyers
asked for
a meeting this afternoon.
His guess is they want
to offer a settlement.
They want to make it go away.
Well. of course.
but we should hear them out.
maybe consider it.
I'm not going to consider
letting the school cover up
what they did to our daughter.
Doesn't have to be a cover-up.
Dennis said settlements
often include a statement.
and remedial measures...
What good will those do?
They might help the next kid.
We agreed that we were going
to fight this...
(DOOR OPENS)
Hi there.
Be right with you.
(SOFTLY) Until the end.
We can fight
this until the end.
until it bankrupts us.
when there's no
guarantees we'll win.
We're not settling.
I'm not saying we should.
I just think we have
to think this through.
What if we lose this lawsuit?
Then the school
walks away without
having to
acknowledge they're wrong.
without changing
the way they do things.
(WHISPERS) We
owe it to Hannah...
to Hannah. to fight this.
And we owe it
to the next kid
to make sure...
this doesn't happen again.
How can I help you?
Seriously.
dude. that's bullshit.
He got suspended
for three days.
That shit goes on his record.
Yeah. I don't really care.
At least we shut him up.
They kept him
out for three days.
I don't think we shut him up.
You guys want to take him
on another ride?
'Cause that worked so well.
His credibility is shot.
No one's gonna
believe anything he says.
Until he plays them the tape.
or until Tony does.
Yeah. what happened there?
I tried. Tony wouldn't budge.
He's got the tapes
hidden somewhere.
and this medieval.
self-flagellating moral code.
We have to do this another way.
It's back to Clay.
If he's talking to Jessica
about her party.
it may be too late.
Why are we defending Bryce?
Can someone tell me?
I mean. he's a rapist.
Jesus. keep your voice down.
I published a poem.
He's a rapist.
Stop using that word.
ALEX: Why?
What other word would you use?
If Hannah's telling the truth.
but Jessica says she's not.
Really. Courtney?
That's still your
position? Hannah is lying?
Come out. little girl.
Shut up. Ryan!
Okay. guys. look...
Tapes go out. we all go down.
no matter what we
did or didn't do.
Think people are
gonna sort that out?
Maybe not.
but maybe Bryce goes to jail.
Do you really think he would?
Do you seriously think
that would happen?
Maybe we should find out.
I don't want to.
No.
We cannot let Clay
pass on those tapes. period.
Or talk to Mr. Porter.
which is why
I wanted to buy us more time.
You kept him away from Porter.
but we don't know
what he's gonna
do on his day off.
What are we doing
after practice today?
Talking about practice.
(SHERI LAUGHS) Always cheer.
CLAY: Sheri.
Do you have a minute?
I'll catch up with you.
Okay.
Bye. Sheri.
Aren't you suspended?
Yeah. so could we go somewhere
not in the courtyard to talk?
I can't be late to first period.
I just have a couple questions.
(JUSTIN YELLS)
All right. let's go.
See you.
See you. Justy!
Coming to my place later?
I'm...
procuring fresh weed
from that sophomore kid.
Nah. I can't. I can't.
Well. I can.
No. dude. you can't.
You've got recruiters coming.
UCLA. Arizona.
But that's all
the more reason to relax.
You've been tense as hell.
I'm fine.
Hey. baby.
Hope you're not
letting these two corrupt you.
Never.
Good. That's my job.
Okay.
Let's go.
Where are we going?
It's a surprise.
No.
I've got to talk to the guys.
Can we do this
after third period?
We can't do this after third.
Hey. guys. do what?
If Justin doesn't
want to find out.
I should show someone else.
Yeah. okay.
Okay. let's go.
Damn. man. give me a chance.
Really?
SHERI:
Are you gonna tell anyone?
We have to tell somebody.
We have to do something.
But it's over now.
It's not over for his family.
They still think he
was driving drunk.
He was driving drunk.
For all we know.
it wasn't the sign
that caused the problem.
You know that?
Or you just want to believe it?
This is why I didn't want you
to listen to my tape.
I didn't...
You wanted to keep your secret.
No.
Because I didn't
want you judging me
for the worst
thing I've ever done.
Other people.
they know my secret.
But you're different.
I'm going to
the police station...
Clay.
To register for
a drug diversion program
that I have to take because
your friends got me suspended.
I didn't know
anything about that.
I think it was terrible.
Do you?
Why don't you stop it?
What can I do?
His family.
the man he hurt...
they deserve to know
how it really happened.
We don't know how
it really happened!
I mean. yes. the sign was down.
But he was driving drunk.
He wasn't drunk.
You know that?
Or you want to believe it?
I made the biggest
mistake of my life.
And I'm trying to keep it
from ruining my life.
Do you get that?
(BELL RINGS)
You should get to class.
I'm trying to make it better.
And I'm trying
to make up for it.
Will you just
meet me after school?
Why?
So that I can show you.
before you go tell
the world what I did.
Give me a chance to prove to you
that I'm not
like everyone else
on the tapes.
Fine. I'll come.
I'll text you the address.
Are you gonna be okay today?
Yeah. Fine.
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
Hey.
You okay?
Hey. Alex. I'm...
fine.
Can't believe
this fucking school.
They're already putting up
drunk driving posters.
Whatever.
Whatever?
He was driving drunk.
It was stupid.
Yeah. but...
I mean. aren't you sad?
More pissed off.
You know.
I think you can be both.
I mean. like...
right now. maybe it's easier
being mad at him
than being sad.
That's cool. But...
I also think that maybe
someday you might feel worse
if all you were today was mad.
you know what I mean?
No.
Sometimes you judge people...
I mean. we all do.
Sometimes you just...
live to regret it.
You don't know
what you're talking about.
Yeah. no. I probably don't.
I usually don't. so...
I'm sorry.
No. it's cool.
You don't have to...
leave or anything.
PRINCIPAL: (OVER PA)
It takes
a tragedy like this one.
unfortunately. to remind us
how important it
is to be safe...
to be sober...
and never drink and drive.
HANNAH: (CRYING) Clay?
Can we...
Can we talk?
About what?
About what happened.
I need to tell you...
What are you crying about?
You barely knew him.
No.
Clay. you don't understand.
I do understand.
Every drama has
to be your drama.
or it doesn't count.
Somehow this is all about you.
It's incredible.
No. Clay!
Please. just don't. okay?
(DOOR OPENS)
Sheri.
Sheri. stop.
I don't want to talk about it.
It was our intersection.
The accident happened
at the same intersection.
I said I don't
want to talk about it.
I thought you called
about the stop sign.
We don't know
that's what caused it.
We don't know it didn't!
Hannah...
Sheri. Jeff is...
You two okay?
Yeah. we're okay. Mr. Porter.
I mean.
considering what happened.
All right. Hannah.
how are you holding up?
I'll be okay.
Okay.
If anything changes
and you need to talk.
my door is open.
Keep your mouth shut.
You speak of this to anyone.
and we both pay the price.
And it's probably best if...
we just stay away
from each other.
HANNAH:
I just needed to be alone.
This was starting to be more
than I could live with.
Wait. What about drama?
No more drama.
All good.
(LAUGHS) No. drama class.
You're thinking
about drama class?
If they walk in
during first period.
it's going to be awkward. no?
We'll tell them we're
rehearsing a love scene.
They're theater nerds.
It would help them to know
what actual sex looks like.
All right. we should go.
we should go.
I should show my
face in first period.
You're just
scared we'll be caught.
No.
Yeah. You are.
But if they can't see us.
we can't be caught.
Come on.
Where's the fucking switch?
Here's the switch.
Hey. Jess. what the fuck?
(LAUGHING)
Let's see who
can break it first.
Like. break the light bulb?
What are you. six?
It's just a stupid light bulb.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
When did you
become such a pussy?
Hey!
Hey. why are you acting crazy?
Why aren't you?
Cut it the fuck out.
Throw it back.
Jess. stop.
Jess.
what is happening with you?
Nothing.
Nothing's happening. right?
Fuck this.
I'm out.
Bye!
(SHRIEKS)
Shit.
Hey. I saw you talking to Clay.
What?
How did you even see that?
Long lenses.
Is he turning you in?
We shouldn't be
talking about this.
Is he turning you in?
He didn't say.
You like Clay. don't you?
Of course I do. I always have.
I always liked him too.
He was always nice to me before.
Tyler. what do you want?
Let's talk to him. You and me.
The other kids want
to bring him down.
but we could talk to him.
He might listen to us.
Sheri.
is this freak bothering you?
No.
No. Monty. he's fine.
Just think about it. please.
I gotta get to class.
Wait. Sheri.
No. you leave her alone. freak.
Got it?
Fucking leave her alone.
These are
thousand dollar cameras.
I'll break 'em on your face.
Jesus.
Montgomery. leave him alone.
You want to go again?
Do you?
Didn't you just get back
from suspension?
Fuck you. Alex.
No thanks. Monty.
you're not man enough.
Okay.
I suppose you
expect me to thank you.
Actually I'd like it
if you never
spoke to me again.
(TAPS)
Jesus!
Fuck! Jess!
The fuck?
You can't sneak up
on a guy like that.
I didn't know that
kid was a dealer.
Yeah. as a sideline.
My usual guy does house calls.
but I gave my last bag
to Marcus yesterday.
Is that bag for now or later?
Shit.
So you're a stoner now too?
What is it with the best
and the brightest?
Are you looking
to have some fun.
or what?
Where's your boyfriend?
Practice.
We can meet up with him after.
Why aren't you at practice?
I'm still benched.
Seriously? That's fucked up.
This school is fucked up.
(CHUCKLES) Don't disagree.
So. are we gonna smoke or what?
In the parking lot?
Are you insane?
Maybe a little.
We can go back to my place.
My folks won't be
home for a few hours.
Or we can go back to mine.
Mine won't be home
for a couple of days.
You're not gonna get me
in trouble. are you. Jess?
Maybe a little.
The district
feels the settlement
is in the best
interest of both parties.
Then why isn't
the district here?
I think they
felt this would be
a preliminary discussion.
and once we got to
finalizing terms...
Which we won't.
The offer's an insult.
Two hundred thousand dollars
for the loss of a child.
for
the suffering of her parents?
We can all agree
no amount of money
can equal Hannah's life.
but it is an attempt
to further healing.
And to be frank. it's more than
a public school
district can afford.
That's not our concern.
They have insurance.
The district is self-insured.
Every dollar spent here
comes out of the classroom.
You and I both
know that's bullshit.
Tell them to fire
a few administrators.
Starting with Gary Bolan.
I don't think that's within
the scope of the agreement.
Let's start with the NDA.
Standard.
It's a non-starter.
I don't know how
far we get without it.
You want to keep this quiet.
You want Hannah's
story hidden away.
The district will continue
its anti-bullying efforts
and will commit
to a suicide
prevention program
to be in place
by the beginning
of the following school year.
Why...
Why wasn't it in place already?
There was a policy in place.
There will be a better one.
(SCOFFS) Well. that's nice.
We all want to ensure that this
doesn't happen to another child.
period.
The financial
means of the district
will affect its
ability to assure that.
Well. that's cold thinking.
We all want a solution
that's fair to everyone.
Dennis.
(TOILET FLUSHES)
I know your son.
I'm sorry?
Clay.
He visited the house.
And the store.
He's the one who
gave us the magazine.
I see.
We probably
shouldn't be speaking...
He was close with Hannah.
Did you know that?
He. um...
He told me that. yes.
He misses her very much.
That's nice.
He seems like a good kid.
He's a very good kid. yeah.
Tell me. how much
is his life worth to you?
Mrs. Baker. we shouldn't be
having this conversation.
Don't you think it's exactly
the conversation
that we should be having?
My son is worth
everything to me.
as I'm sure Hannah is to you.
And if I lost him...
felt someone had
taken him from me.
I would pursue
any remedy possible.
Yes.
But I don't know any amount
of money would suffice.
Would you settle for. say...
two hundred thousand dollars?
I think I would only
settle for the truth...
whether I liked it or not.
What the hell?
No way.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
(PANTING) Were you
just on the phone
with your husband?
Who are you?
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
My name is Clay.
Well. what happened?
Your husband was in an accident.
He's alive.
The paramedics said
an officer would come tell you.
but your husband wanted you
to know right away. so I came.
Was anyone else hurt?
Yes.
Oh. Lord.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Yes?
Hi. um...
Mrs. Cantrell.
I don't know if
you remember me.
Clay. of course!
From the night of the accident.
Of course!
Sheri said a Clay
would be dropping by.
What?
Hey. look who's here!
He knows Sheri.
did you know that?
Clay! Hello. how are you!
Hi. Mr. Cantrell.
Hey. Sheri.
Hey. Clay.
Let me help you to your chair.
I can do it. I can do it.
I just love that
you know each other.
Come on in.
She's our little angel.
What a small world!
It really is.
The first time I came here.
I tried to tell them.
I stood on the front
porch and I just...
I couldn't get a word out.
I remember Miss Cantrell saying.
"Well. don't just
stand there. come in."
The next time I stopped by.
they invited me for dinner.
The next time after that.
I helped hang pictures.
and now I just
spend time with them.
help around the house.
They seem to like you.
Yeah. they're cute.
They remind me of
my grandparents.
But they don't know the truth.
You didn't tell them
about the accident.
What good would that do?
Mrs. Cantrell says
he still has
nightmares about it.
What about the other family?
Look. I can't. I...
I just...
I can't face them.
And what they might do?
Look. I will tell them.
I will.
Someday.
You have to tell them now.
Like. today.
Why now? Why today?
Because every day hurts.
How do you know?
Every day they live
not knowing the truth.
They need this. Sheri.
They do. or you do?
They're hurting.
How do you know that?
Did you go see them?
That's not the point.
You can't keep
this secret anymore.
It's my secret. not yours.
Am I high?
What?
I think I'm high.
Jess. you had two hits.
Two is a lot!
Well. it's more than one.
What's in the safe?
If my dad knew I
can get into this.
he would flip his shit.
Shit!
I know. right?
Dad's packing.
This one's my favorite.
Jesus. Fuck.
Jess. is that thing loaded?
Of course not.
Shit.
I guess it was loaded. My bad.
(LAUGHS)
You should not
be handling a gun.
I know what I'm doing!
This is a Glock 19.
Holds up to 15 rounds.
Single action.
Perfect for self-defense.
Cool.
I'll take your word for it.
What. don't you like a Glock?
I'm not really from
a gun family. okay?
We ski.
Try it.
I'm good.
Is there a KFC around.
because I smell chicken.
Fuck you.
Take it.
Fine.
Yeah. so just like...
Only actors in Hollywood
hold it that way.
Yeah. Right.
Here. let me show you.
Twist that.
Mm-hmm.
Take this hand.
So. just relax.
Shoulders back.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Then you shoot.
(CLICK)
Clay. we're just so glad
to finally meet you.
Jeff was so fond of you.
You helped him so
much with his grades.
It kept him playing ball.
as a matter of fact.
Well. he did that himself.
I just. um...
helped him with punctuation
and word choice
and stuff like that.
You know.
research techniques and...
Well. we sure are grateful.
You were a good friend to him.
How come we
haven't met you before
if you're such a good friend?
Harris.
No. it's okay.
Um. I'm fine. Thanks.
Jeff and I...
we were just friends
at school. I guess.
But he was older than me.
and on the baseball
team and everything.
and I wasn't really anybody.
Well...
you were to him.
Yeah.
He was really nice to me.
So. Clay. what brings you here?
Well. I. uh...
I was hoping
another friend of Jeff's
would be here with me.
but she. uh...
She couldn't come.
Okay.
There's
something you should know
about the night of the accident.
What about it?
(PANTING)
I was the first
person to get there.
I was walking home...
and I heard the crash.
I found Jeff.
I found him.
Jeff!
Oh. my God.
Jeff. can you hear me?
Wait. Hold on. Jeff. hold on!
I thought maybe I'd try CPR.
Something. I don't know.
Come on!
(MAN MOANS)
Hey. hold on. Hold on one sec.
It was me.
I'm the one that called 9-1-1.
So. um...
So you were at
the party with him?
I was there.
I saw him just before he left.
And I...
I don't think he was drunk.
You don't?
No. He told me he wasn't.
and I believed him.
I mean. until...
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
(INDISTINCT SHOUT)
Fucking beer everywhere.
It wasn't Jeff's fault.
The stop sign on
the corner had been
knocked down
earlier in the night.
I don't know. The cops thought
it was Jeff's fault. I guess.
But it was already down.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
How do you know
this about the stop sign?
Did you knock it down?
No. No.
Then why are you apologizing?
I... I...
I've been angry at
Jeff since he died
because he told me he was sober.
and I thought he lied
and did something stupid.
and I hated him
for leaving that way.
and I was wrong.
I was wrong.
HANNAH:
I walked by their house
three times
the week after Jeff died.
I even got their phone number
and called.
And didn't leave a message.
I wanted to tell them.
I couldn't.
(ATMOSPHERE PLAYING)
♪ Walk ♪
I know it was
guilt I was feeling.
♪ In silence ♪
And anger.
♪ Don't walk away ♪
I think lots of anger.
♪ In silence ♪
Anger at
the whole fucking world
and the way it works.
♪ Danger
♪ Always danger
♪ Endless talking
♪ Of life rebuilding ♪
But mostly anger at myself.
For what I could have had.
and never would.
That's terrible
decision number two.
That's up next.
♪ Don't walk away ♪
That's another sad
and stupid story.
♪ In silence... ♪
There's so much
wrong in the world.
There's so much hurt.
I couldn't take knowing
I'd made it worse.
And I couldn't take knowing
it would never get any better.
I thought you'd be here.
I think I will join you.
I found Jeff.
I was the first
person at that accident.
and I found him.
In his car.
Dead.
Jesus. Clay.
Why didn't Hannah tell anyone
about the stop sign?
Maybe she was afraid.
I was so pissed off at Jeff.
And at Hannah.
for making it all her drama.
I didn't know.
Well. now you do.
And this just gets worse. right?
You afraid?
Yeah.
I'm gonna listen anyway.
Cool.
You don't have to hang with me.
I think maybe I should.
Why?
Because it's your tape.
♪ People like you have it easy
♪ Face like the sun
♪ Walking on air... ♪
I can't do it.
You can't?
After all this. you can't?
No.
Jesus. Tony.
Death. and rape.
and what the fuck is next?
What did I do that Hannah
thought was worse than that?
Don't you know what happened
between you and Hannah?
No. clearly. I don't.
So tell me.
You know I'm not
going to do that.
Tell me this. then.
Tell me the truth.
and I'll listen to the tape.
Did I kill Hannah?
We all let her down.
That's not what I asked.
Did I kill Hannah Baker?
No.
she took her own life. Clay.
That was her choice.
But you.
me. everyone on these tapes.
we all let her down.
We didn't let her know
that she had another choice.
Maybe we could have saved her.
maybe not.
It's impossible to know.
Answer the fucking question.
Knowing what you know.
believing what you believe.
knowing me. knowing her.
and what's on these tapes...
did I kill Hannah Baker?
(THE STAND PLAYING)
♪ Come on down
♪ And meet your maker ♪
Yeah.
♪ Come on down
♪ And make the stand
♪ Oh.
I have been out searching
♪ With a black book in my hand
♪ And I've looked between
The lines that lie
♪ On the pages that I tread
♪ I met
the walking dude. religious
♪ In his worn
down cowboy boots
♪ He walked
liked no man on earth
♪ I swear it had no name
♪ Had no name
♪ Come on down
♪ And meet your maker
and make the stand
♪ Come on down
♪ And make the stand
♪ As I crawled
beneath the searchlights
♪ Looking
through the floorboards
Of this life
♪ I met Dr. Strangelove's
cousin
♪ He bore the marks of time
♪ Hey!
Trashcan where you going boy
♪ Your eyes are feet apart
♪ Is that
the end you're carrying
♪ Shall I play a funeral march
♪ Play a funeral march
♪ Come on down
and meet your maker
♪ And make a stand
♪ Come on down
♪ And we'll make the stand!
and meet your maker
♪ Come on down
and make the stand
♪ Come on down... ♪